fix: Allow network to restart when wireless or team connection is specified (#675)
linux-system-roles/network: README.md

- `network_connections` - The connection profiles are configured as
  `network_connections`, which is a list of dictionaries that include specific
  options.
- `network_allow_restart` - It defaults to `false`. Certain configurations like

>   wireless or team connections require the role to restart network services.

Reviewer: It is not the configuration but the need to install plugins that require the restart.

  For example, if a wireless connection is configured and NetworkManager-wifi
  is not installed, NetworkManager must be restarted prior to the connection

>   being configured, and the user needs to explicitly consent to it by setting

Reviewer: Please mention that the restart can result in connectivity loss and therefore the role does not do this without the consent.

- `network_connections` - The connection profiles are configured as
  `network_connections`, which is a list of dictionaries that include specific
  options.
- `network_allow_restart` - It defaults to `false`. In order to install and make
  certain NetworkManager plugin (e.g. NetworkManager-wifi or NetworkManager-team)
  takes effect, NetworkManager requires to be restarted. For example, if a wireless
  connection is configured and NetworkManager-wifi is not installed, NetworkManager
  must be restarted prior to the connection being configured. The restart can result in

>   connectivity loss and therefore the role does not allow it without the consent. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  connectivity loss and therefore the role does not allow it without explicit consent. The
```

  user can consent to it by setting `network_allow_restart` to `true`. Setting

>   `network_allow_restart` to `false` will prevent the role from restarting network
>   service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `network_allow_restart` to `false` will prevent the role from NetworkManager.
```
